## 0x0C-more_malloc_free
This directory further demonstartes the use of __malloc__, __free__, and other functions such as __calloc__, __realloc__ and __exit__ in __C__. The files in this directory include:
- __holberton.h__: Header file containing all protypes of functions used in this directory.
- ___putchar.c__: My implementation of the function __putchar__.
- __0-malloc_checked.c__: Allocates memory using malloc. __Prototype: void *malloc_checked(unsigned int b);__, returns a pointer to the allocated memory, if malloc fails, the malloc_checked function will cause normal process termination with a status value of __98__.
- __1-string_nconcat.c__: Concatenates two strings. __Prototype: char *string_nconcat(char *s1, char *s2, unsigned int n);__. The returned pointer points to a newly allocated space in memory, which contains s1, followed by the first n bytes of s2, and null terminated.
If the function fails,it returns __NULL__. If __n__ is greater or equal to the length of __s2__, then the entire string __s2__ is used. If __NULL__ is passed, treat it as an empty string.
- __2-calloc.c__: Allocates memory for an array, using malloc. __Prototype: void *_calloc(unsigned int nmemb, unsigned int size);__. The _calloc function allocates memory for an array of __nmemb__ elements of __size__ bytes each and returns a pointer to the allocated memory. The memory is set to zero. If __nmemb__ or __size__ is __0__, then _calloc returns __NULL__. If malloc fails, then _calloc returns __NULL__.
- __3-array_range.c__: Creates an array of integers. __Prototype: int *array_range(int min, int max);__. The array created contains all the values from __min (included) to max (included)__, ordered from min to max. Return: the pointer to the newly created array. If min > max, return __NULL__. If malloc fails, return __NULL__.
- __100-realloc.c__: Reallocates a memory block using __malloc__ and __free__. __Prototype: void *_realloc(void *ptr, unsigned int old_size, unsigned int new_size);__,
where __ptr__ is a pointer to the memory previously allocated with a call to malloc: __malloc(old_size)__. __old_size__ is the size, in bytes, of the allocated space for ptr and __new_size__ is the new size, in bytes of the new memory block. The contents are copied to the newly allocated space, in the range from the start of __ptr__ up to the minimum of the old and new sizes. If new_size > old_size, the “added” memory is not be initialized. If __new_size == old_size__ it does nothing and returns __ptr__. If ptr is __NULL__, then the call is equivalent to __malloc(new_size)__, for all values of old_size and new_size. If __new_size__ is equal to zero, and __ptr__ is not NULL, then the call is equivalent to __free(ptr)__. The function returns __NULL__, frees __ptr__ when it makes sense.
- __101-mul.c__: Multiplies two positive numbers. __Usage: mul num1 num2__. num1 and num2 are passed in base 10. Print the result, followed by a new line. If the number of arguments is incorrect, it prints __Error__, followed by a new line, and __exit__ with a status of __98__. num1 and num2 are only composed of digits. If not, it prints __Error__, followed by a new line, and __exit__ with a status of __98__. More than 5 functions can be used in the file.