## 0x01. C - Variables, if, else, while
This directory contains __C__ commands that show case the use of __variables__, __if__ statements, __else__ statements, __while__ statements. The files include;
- __0-positive_or_negative.c__: This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable n is positive or negative.
Find the source code in the task doc. The variable n will store a different value every time you will run this program, you don’t have to understand what rand, srand, RAND_MAX do. The output of the program should be: The number, followed by, if the number is greater than 0: is positive, if the number is 0: is zero, if the number is less than 0: is negative, followed by a new line.
- __2-print_alphabet.c__: Prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line, using only the __putchar__ function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), all the code should be in the main function, __putchar__ should be used at most twice in the code.
- __3-print_alphabets.c__: Prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase, followed by a new line, using only the __putchar__ function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), all the code should be in the main function, __putchar__ should be used at most three times in the code.
- __4-print_alphabt.c__: Prints the alphabet in lowercase, except the alphabets __q__ and __e__, followed by a new line, using only the __putchar__ function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), all the code should be in the main function, __putchar__ should be used at most twice in the code.
- __5-print_numbers.c__: Prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line. All codes should be in the main function.
- __6-print_numberz.c__: Prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line. All codes should be in the main function, without the use of any variable of type __char__, using only the __putchar__ function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), all the code should be in the main function, __putchar__ should be used at most twice in the code.
- __7-print_tebahpla.c__: Prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse, followed by a new line, using only the __putchar__ function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), all the code should be in the main function, __putchar__ should be used at most twice in the code.
- __8-print_base16.c__: Prints all the numbers of base 16 in lowercase, followed by a new line, using only the __putchar__ function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), all the code should be in the main function, __putchar__ should be used at most three times in the code.
- __9-print_comb.c__: Prints all possible combinations of single-digit numbers. Numbers must be separated by __,__, followed by a space, numbers should be printed in ascending order, only use the __putchar__ function (every other function (__printf__, __puts__, etc…) is forbidden). All code should be in the main function, use __putchar__ four times maximum in your code, without the use of any variable of type __char__.
- __10-print_comb2.c__: Prints the numbers from 00 to 99. Numbers must be separated by __,__, followed by a space, numbers should be printed in ascending order with two digits, only use the __putchar__ function (every other function (__printf__, __puts__, etc…) is forbidden). All code should be in the main function, use __putchar__ five times maximum in your code, without the use of any variable of type __char__.
- __100-print_comb3.c__:  Prints all possible different combinations of two digits. Numbers must be separated by __,__, followed by a space. The two digits must be different, __01__ and - __10__ are considered the same combination of the two digits __0__ and __1__. Print only the smallest combination of two digits. Numbers should be printed in ascending order, with two digits, using only the __putchar__ function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), __putchar__ should be used five times maximum in the code. You are not allowed to use any variable of type __char__, all code should be in the main function.
- __101-print_comb4.c__:  prints all possible different combinations of three digits. Numbers must be separated by __,__, followed by a space. The three digits must be different 012, 120, 102, 021, 201, 210 are considered the same combination of the three digits 0, 1 and 2. Print only the smallest combination of three digits. Numbers should be printed in ascending order, with three digits, using only the __putchar__ function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), __putchar__ should be used six times maximum in the code. You are not allowed to use any variable of type __char__, all code should be in the main function.