## Hello World
The files in this directory are scripts that serve as an introduction to C. These files and their functions are:
- __0-preprocessor__: A script that runs a C file through the preprocessor and saves the result into another file. The C file name will be saved in the variable __$CFILE__, the output should be saved in the file __c__. 
- __1-compiler__: A script that compiles a C file but does not link. The C file name will be saved in the variable __$CFILE__. The output file should be named the same as the C file, but with the extension __.o__ instead of __.c__.
- __2-assembler__: A script that generates the assembly code of a C code and save it in an output file. The C file name will be saved in the variable __$CFILE__, the output file should be named the same as the C file, but with the extension __.s__ instead of __.c__.
- __3-name__: A script that compiles a C file and creates an executable named __cisfun__. The C file name will be saved in the variable __$CFILE__.
- __4-puts.c__: A __C__ program that prints exactly "__"Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle__", followed by a new line. Using the function __puts__, without using __printf__, the program should end with the value __0__.
- __5-printf.c__: A __C__ program that prints exactly "__with proper grammar, but the outcome is a piece of art,__", followed by a new line. Use the function __printf__, without using the function __puts__, the program should return __0__, the program should compile without warning when using the __-Wall__ gcc option.
- __6-size.c__: A __C__ program that prints the size of various types on the computer it is compiled and run on. It should produce the exact same output as in the example in the project task doc, warnings are allowed, the program should return 0. You might have to install the package libc6-dev-i386 on your Linux (Vagrant) to test the -m32 gcc option.
- __100-intel__: A script that generates the assembly code (Intel syntax) of a C code and save it in an output file. The C file name will be saved in the variable __$CFILE__. The output file should be named the same as the C file, but with the extension __.s__ instead of __.c__. Example: if the C file is __main.c__, the output file should be __main.s__.
_ __101-quote.c__: A __C__ program that prints exactly "__and that piece of art is useful" - Dora Korpar, 2015-10-19__", followed by a new line, to the standard error, without the use of any functions listed in the NAME section of the __man (3) printf or man (3) puts__. The program should return __1__, the program should compile without any warnings when using the __-Wall__ gcc option.