## 0x0A-argc_argv
This directory demonstrates the use of command line arguements (declaring the main function aswith arguments __argc__ and __argv[]__) and parsing unused variables. The files in this directory include:
- 0-whatsmyname.c: Prints its name, followed by a new line. If the program is renamed, it will print the new name, without having to compile it again, the path before the name of the program should not be removed.
- 1-args.c: Prints the number of arguments passed into it. It prints the number, followed by a new line.
- 2-args.c: Prints all arguments it receives. All arguments will be printed, including the first one, only prints one argument per line, ending with a new line.
- 3-mul.c: Multiplies two numbers, the program prints the result of the multiplication, followed by a new line, it can be assumed that the two numbers and result of the multiplication can be stored in an integer. If the program does not receive two arguments, the program prints Error, followed by a new line, and return 1.
- 4-add.c: Adds positive numbers. Prints the result, followed by a new line. If no number is passed to the program, print 0, followed by a new line. If one of the number contains symbols that are not digits, print Error, followed by a new line, and return 1. It can be assumed that numbers and the addition of all the numbers can be stored in an int.
- 100-change.c: prints the minimum number of coins to make change for an amount of money. Usage: __./change cents__, where cents is the amount of cents you need to give back. If the number of arguments passed to the program is not exactly 1, print Error, followed by a new line, and return 1. atoi is used to parse the parameter passed to the program. If the number passed as the argument is negative,it prints 0, followed by a new line, an unlimited number of coins of values 25, 10, 5, 2, and 1 cents can be used.